there's been a Scramble for Aid at the
Rafa Crossing between Gaza and Egypt The
Crossing is the only entry point for Aid
into Gaza at the moment the UN says
hunger levels across the strip have
spiraled in recent days
telecommunication lines in Gaza have
been damaged and this is only
complicating humanitarian operations
let's bring in our correspondent hany
Mahmud he is joining us live in Rafa in
southern Gaza and hany you have been
reporting from Rafa for week weeks now
where you have been saying that 1
million people from the Gaza Strip are
now in Rafa and they as we can see in
those pictures are desperate for
humanitarian
Aid yes indeed very desperate
humanitarian situations for not only the
residents of rafah City here but also
for the 1 million displaced Palestinian
who uh quite frankly are becoming hungry
thirsty and traumatized as the the war
is is pounding them and more
unpredictable uh uh bombs falling on
their on their homes destroying their
residential homes and and their
infrastructure people and then this is
very consistent with a report by the uh
by a statement by the general Deputy
Commissioner of Honor who described that
there was an imminent starvation going
on here whatever the amount that has
been lit in is not enough it's not
enough for those who have been displaced
those who are hungry and thirsty and it
just if we look at that what happened
people pre this war lived in in their
homes and they had everything that they
needed to sustain them for for every
single day but all the sudden now they
are without anything without a home
without the access to food without
access to water without access to
medical supplies and the scenes that we
we're we we're looking at either from
the the videos or picture just just a
natural response when people starve when
when people are starved to death when
people are hungry this is what we what
we will see happening people trying to
survive it's a survival mode right now
and Hanny the people who have fled to
Rafa have escaped or tried to escape
attacks from northern from Central Gaza
and one of the most targeted places in
Gaza has been the jabalia refugee camp
in the North and the attacks there are
continuing yes indeed and it's it's
nonstop it has happened within the past
a few weeks and since the beginning of
this war is still continuing and and and
what what what we were just describing
in in the the the the chaos when
humanitarian AIDS are coming in is the
direct result of people becoming
displaced there are more people becoming
displaced the fact that that people step
outside their homes and and let alone it
is being destroyed put them at this very
situation there 20 people have been
killed more than
aund 20 people have been critically
injured as a result of a massive Target
an explosion of an entire residential
Block in jabal and this is not the first
time jabalia been the Target have been
targeted repeatedly more than any other
place across the Gaza STP there more
civilian are dying more children more
women and the aftermath more people are
becoming hungry and this is what the the
the result of what we're seeing Hy thank
you very much for that that is hany mahm
with the latest live and ruer in
southern Gaza